Food ordering system

Description:
Implement an online food ordering system. Below are the expected features from the system.

Features:
This system has tie-ups with restaurants where each restaurant has a menu with all the items with its price.
Each restaurant has a maximum processing capacity(food preparation) of items at any given time. Beyond that it won’t accept any further item requests until items which are in processing are completed.
Each restaurant takes some time to prepare food. Once the item is fulfilled the system gets the notification of it which adds back the processing capacity of that restaurant.
Order is accepted from customers only if all the items can be fulfilled by the restaurant and the restaurant has processing capacity for new orders.

Requirements:
Onboard new restaurant with its menu and item processing capacity. The menu should be reflected in the food ordering system.
Restaurant should be able to change its menu.
Customers should be able to place an order by giving items. We can assume that each item will be of only 1 quantity.
Implement restaurant search and search strategies (Ex : items search with lowest fare strategy, Nearby Location)
Order food based on the above search results.
System should be able to keep track of all items served by each restaurant, and the system should be aware of the remaining capacity of each restaurant at a given time.
Once the order is fulfilled by the restaurant, the capacity should be replenished for the given restaurant.
*Every order can be fulfilled by one restaurent only.

Assumptions:
For feature 3 generic timeout can be configured.(Ex : 30 mins for all dishes)

Bonus Points:
Each dish can have different time configurations for preparation.
Rating & Review for the restaurant.

Other Details:
Do not use any database or NoSQL store, use in-memory data-structure for now.
Do not create any UI or API for the application.

Expectations:
Make sure that you have working and demonstrable code through test cases.
Wherever required concurrent requests should be handled appropriately.
Language should be in java.
Make sure that code is functionally correct.
Work on the expected output first and then add good-to-have features of your own.
Code should be modular and readable.
Separation of concern should be addressed.
Code should easily accommodate new requirements with minimal changes.
Code should be easily testable.

Test-cases:
Below are the sample driver commands which can be demonstrated. This is for the understanding purpose, it does not reflect exact function calls.
add_restaurant("<name>", [item1,...item], <processing capacity>,location)
Search(<name> or <strategy>)
order(["item1", "item2"],<selected restaurant from search result>")
Print system stats:
output (Restaurant name and current processing power):
A2B: 3
Rasaganga: 5
Eat Fit: 0
fulfilled_item_for_restaurant("#1")

